README.md, before:

# vim-config

This is heavily based on `pivotalcommon/vim-config`. Previously it existed as a fork, but it's not only
diverged incredibly far, but also has different goals, so I broke it into its own repository.

All plugins exist as submodules, so be sure to follow the installation directions in this document.

As far as I know, this config will work on OSX, supports the mouse in iTerm (even on large (27") monitors),
and can be run in gvim or over an ssh session on linux and has tmux support. I've used it on Ubuntu and CentOS
servers and have not noticed any differences.

## To Install

(Re)move ~/.vim and ~/.vimrc if you have them already, and run:

    git clone git://github.com/spikegrobstein/vim-config.git ~/.vim
    cd ~/.vim
    git submodule update --init
    ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc

### tmux support (optional)

This contains a base `tmux.conf`, but you might want to use your own.

## Updating

As long as your checkout is kept clean, you can easily update, rebase your local changes and update submodules with:

    cd ~/.vim && git pull --rebase ; git submodule update ; cd -

Commit message:

added blurb about fzf and ag config

README.md, after:

# vim-config

This is heavily based on `pivotalcommon/vim-config`. Previously it existed as a fork, but it's not only
diverged incredibly far, but also has different goals, so I broke it into its own repository.

All plugins exist as submodules, so be sure to follow the installation directions in this document.

As far as I know, this config will work on OSX, supports the mouse in iTerm (even on large (27") monitors),
and can be run in gvim or over an ssh session on linux and has tmux support. I've used it on Ubuntu and CentOS
servers and have not noticed any differences.

## To Install

(Re)move ~/.vim and ~/.vimrc if you have them already, and run:

    git clone git://github.com/spikegrobstein/vim-config.git ~/.vim
    cd ~/.vim
    git submodule update --init
    ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc

### tmux support (optional)

This contains a base `tmux.conf`, but you might want to use your own.

### FZF support

By default, this vim config will use ctrl-p for fuzzy file opening (via `<leader>f`), however if it detects
that you've got `fzf` installed, it'll use that instead. `fzf` is a much faster fuzzy finder that's written in
go and even has tmux integration.

You can install `fzf` with the following command:

    brew install --head fzf
    # then run the following to install the bash additions:
    /usr/local/opt/fzf/install

if you use `ag`, you can (optionally) add the following line to your `~/.bash_profile`:

    export FZF_DEFAULT_COMMAND='ag -l -g ""'

that will use `ag` to list the files and ignore files/directories that are in your `.gitignore`. `ag` can also
be installed with brew as `the_silver_searcher`.


## Updating

As long as your checkout is kept clean, you can easily update, rebase your local changes and update submodules with:

    cd ~/.vim && git pull --rebase ; git submodule update ; cd -
